It's. Not that bad actually come out that's right again would you fall off and just hand in that air to get down, taking again from F.
18 at the October. there get 1,200 units model to study hard.
You can't get your rest I know but Well, the I say yes you can, because they have all these groups that say that if you take their classes and they go out of the test.
You can raise your oints, you can raise your plans.
What are you keyboard itself is yeah but that's just by learning tricks.
I know the tricks are that's all you have to remember the sat is not a full measure of who you are your creativity.
I know also i'm not saying that but I Do need to have a better sat score for applications.
I'm going to write it up which the same squares 10 s.
Well, you'd only take it at once I think clarical errors, have I? said i'll be happy to get 700?
I mean, yeah, people in my school are actually like Oh, you'll be taking them.
But then, like my friends, who have like 1350 on that, cannot take care of yourself.
You are already you you can't do that when what what what what?
1,570 like you make me sick hands on hair your side of fun. That's like how do you think I, when you learn that you can't compare you'll really be grown up you are uniquely new
and you're not like the idiot I do need to bring them up, for the fact that other people on higher scores is that I do need to bring them up from 170.
If I want to have a better chance than getting here on the front, where you can go upstairs and you'll see it on the right. It's like a school called Adrian college in Michigan.
Sent you a lot of information. Sounds like a little scott I don't have that many.
May I there. But, Mom, if I want to go to a big school that's my choice.
If i'm willing to pay for it it's cheaper to go to a university than it is to go to a private school Mom Pence, where you feel comfortable, and you're getting on a campus sometimes I think it might Yeah, you have
to go. you feel like, hey? I like this place I think I could Laura, you think I don't I don't feel calm. no hair, and that's what has to be your fireball? Oh, Yeah, I know it's it has what
you want, but you feel good about it you walk on campus and you think, Hey, there's something about this place done this.
You don't know that until you're on the I thought about the school round.
You can always apply, and the chances of me getting in there are like Zilch.
What do they require? the people that I have met them have 4 point zero's?
Okay, are you at fancy study You know that's basically they were in my telephoneer.
The 3 quads like the embryo yeah it comes down some past 4 years.
But yeah, i've been telling you for 4 years. you got to work hard. Now stands I don't little near you. The inner gear was so good-looking.
Hello, this young attorney, who was really young, and I had my interview in the Us.
Steel building, and I went up there. But you know what they asked me.
Some really weird I know, like they. I expected to go in there and talk about. You know my life, and what I want to have in school, and what I expected from them.
They asked me what my stance was on abortion.
Well, that was a dumb question. mercy on question so I think that's a dumb one to ask it's control.
They asked me that, and they were not about drug testing in the workplace. Very personal.
Well, you know it's money is you know bc is Catholic school, and I, you know I don't think they literally like my answer.
But you have, but you still have freedom of Gmail.
That is the same way, because we went and he applied to Williams and she got waitlisted, and lions used to be real, you know, Liberal, whatever. but lately the information we're sending on is nice following community moral
stance there's nothing wrong. Oh, no but but my mom what I'm saying is years ago they had the citizens everything, you know real liberal.
No conservative when she was interviewed for it. they took her answers very slowly, and they waitlisted her.
She had the grades which she had the vertical beers, and that's what was how maybe she was better to be in a place where oh, yeah, this is great!
Sheen things work out sometimes with the bestest baby Oh, she is much happier. and she's happy in Texas.
She's really happy there where is rice it's Houston.
She. she loves it There they! Their admissions were higher than Margaret.
Really have any trouble deciding well sometimes you don't so I are lucky.
They always know where they are. with that or what they. I was probably the hardest person to find a scroll, for, because everyone in my family knew what they want.
A major. She has no experience at best in my eyes I have door What's your I want to be a social worker.
I that's what she should be and she loves to talk to people That's where she should be.
But if I have the best job on earth, so if you want to get into something I have get into what i'm getting. I drive here. I have. Well, I think the important thing that maybe we should all say you and you need to listen is you have to keep an
open mind don't cross any school out before it's right you know. Don't cross off to Geneva before you go there.
I'm not i'm know it's far away it's not a big town, but don't already think I don't want to go there because it's not near a big metropolitan area you know she
wasn't near a big metropolitan area, but I had thought that I wanted to be near big area.
But I also house on the campus a lot. They all have coffee.
They all do things, you know. They it ended up. I wondered if you were at the top.
Whoa being, I mean it, doesn't really matter the atmosphere.
Eventually it doesn't matter the atmosphere because eventually it's the people that you mean you're ready professors that might be your classes itself.
That really become important, you know, and that should be your first priority.
Yeah, and that all me what you do extracurricular can't be violent because that's not what you're there for if you're not in your setting you're not tell you what that if
you're going to call it to have a good time one year's all i'm saying like you don't have to be near a big city and wasn't near a big city mom.
It's a little different. i'm a different person I have always like staying here at night.
It'll be very true, city. Why, parent, you look at hey? You'll be away from parents, anyway.
No, It's like what kind of cities do you like big cities like Chicago, or like she's never been in a big city like Chicago.
She ask you a long life. I join around la that tells me about a big city, and that's pretty scary.
No Friday night at 9 o'clock on Hollywood Boulevard is not a place to be okay, Clinton.
Find the no it wasn't that we knew where it was we just didn't know there's exit to take what were you looking for?
Universal studios. No, because here Oh, really Samantha has go out, and Samantha get lost. Samantha has where they're gone, but can't get well.
Let me tell story you don't know because you were there. I wasn't that hard later, So we're driving.
We went. Oh, it's hard we'll just get off the text, so we got off the exit and it was Hollywood bulletin. It was a very big deal.
Except there was a Hollywood bowl going on right.
So here we are, stuck in this huge line of traffic, and we wanted to turn around. But you couldn't make a left turn because they had parking going on.
So you had to go all the way down. So all the way down to the pilot.
So take Pilot, and we end up on Hollywood Boulevard.
It is 9 30 at night we're on Hollywood Boulevard, and it's Friday.
I see you want to be. we're trying to find the point where we have a scenario.
We have a Chinese theater. so we're going okay get there.
This is just the beginning. so hard for all people who are looking at all kinds of interesting things.
And we're like, Okay, We got to turn around so we buy this.
We had no straits that we could turn out except that it's one alley made, so we turned out if this dark alley we were turning the car, and we said, all these people yelling.
We're like out of here. She backed up so we're going back, and we get stopped.
Hollywood, we're stuck at traffic she's screaming, I do. There, some guys looking at us, and he keeps staring.
What are you looking at. we're just us so we get back on the freeway. We're like to say it's like I know It's the exit again. I know that to one of us Okay, let's get this one on the tweet box and next
exit it's here. Site that universal secrets There's no error. Yes, that means we just go out this room. Thanks.
So we go. Well, We're driving up this road and all of a sudden we see what are brothers Studios decided this city limits of perfect the same.
I, said Sam Ward Barbara we're not supposed to be around 2217 year olds go over and we see the sign that says universal students like what has around here Solar.
It's right there, so that marvin California university I thought it wasn't urban.
Yeah, outside is in right next reverberate but that's where I love connection.
We'll get to it. my favorite chess yeah no I like that to the Moray. yeah, another one.
So We're trying. I see this pizza shot and it's still like, Okay, go and ask his besides my across here.
We get it. I want to excuse me for tea when I get over to see here.
So it's a side right there yeah there is the arrow is the last 3 inches of the billboard, and it's on the ground.
So there's a bush covering this big yellow bear you couldn't see it to the universal studios.
It's 10 o'clock, I don't know it was 9 30.
It was 945 or something like that, and they cleansed at 11.
We have one rise like trying to get there we're the way here, but it's like what's the take another deep portion like adaptation.
I don't think I need the job of the Gallery and we were gonna go to the gallery of Lincoln.
You Don't have any money left needed money it's the Galleria, every teenage film that has ever been filmed was filled in the Galleria, and would you go everyday their 2 bottles wasn't that there's
more moderator on brand new fast times, a rich one. high bill, intense, absolute adventure, everything.
The gallery is like the biggest jumping place in the world.
Find out where grace will still. Yeah, was filmed at Venice High School embedded California.
I got to see you in high school that they told the Maybe.
An what movie was this I don't know but they couldn't get.
Never says well where my addresses combat. Basically, she was not able to.
It was either funniest or videos, or they were filming. He said to me on Friday, this is a historic day.
I started my first day as a senior, I said, That is the story. This is the beginning of the end for me.
But now it comes the beginning of the end. if it ever comes, it comes June June second, when I graduate, and I get my dumb.
Next is the way. yeah next is college graduate i've married one daughter that's not because you guys can't get married.
You have to carry cheers from the front porch that's 4 little white wins nail stack you can stack 2 together.
They'll be good carriers? we're writing all of you guys in time.
How are you ever going to find a school for her good spray?
A lot they make good choices. she's very opinionated and her dad's very patient with it, and I get really hyper after a while.
That's why I said you can't prejudge you have to go and feel and visit and say, Oh, yeah, Well, then, people less Well, this school has a good point, Miss bad Point.
Yeah, Then eventually one will click in your mind else after all you know we're she was happy.
No, you don't know it was stuck you know so I don't love that prejudge.
I'm just going to hold my breath for the next 6 months.
I'm going to hold my breath that works I don't know I could die of something.
My breath, and I would have this problem Now i's fine what map?
Was that such a bad idea? Hold my breath, and he has to deal with it very Amsterdam, but I am getting better.
I've been laying down hasn't had it yet.
Okay, graduates, that help, I understand. Do it now. I was really ipatic, I said, Don't pay no more schedule.
Yeah, sure you did be so pleased with me, I said Well, she said.
I'm got help on my schedule for the semester because I went, though I talked about it.
And then the teacher said you can't take where it's only 37 cheer. If I if you don't carry your own, you know if you tell her you're gonna be that because it's on the schedule if you have to carry your entry going to be there could
you going to do it now? The next semester is containing your head.
Oh, you got like no like Robert. Yes, Yes, Oh, it's scary, and I said, you will I lost my grace.
Tell you what I said, and if you want to walk tonight you're updating my piece of my cope she's learning. I mean it.